He has a famous name and has won almost everything in touring car racing
what to win
the forced Hofer
there his ever motorsport enthusiastic clientele wanted again
one
for the whole family and the luggage
Herbert Engel calls a very special prize 12 units one
speedwell
Arendt from former Ford Motorsport Director Luther PSG
often vilified net
you want to do something like that
built a short process
found somewhere else
Lorenz
all the big ones
because the car must have Mercedes
Comodo made significant change among other things, there was a double
injection
which has the car up to 520 hp consequences
and that although we are customers
The first two streets of the street hesitate a second time
1958 created new costs and the heavily clouded
the engine manufacturer Corsa the two young engineers specialize
on 14 of the racing engines on 4 what is that
In 1965, fort and russia work together and develop a v8 engine for the
formula 1
the beginning of a long success story
comes the post shows the LVN Timo Glocks Lotus for the first time used and wins
Clarkes glorious victory was only the first of many
between 1967 and 83
is the course advertising says 155 times and is still the most successful
Formula 1 engines of all time
Jackie Stewart wants to turn famous Ferrari we know best ourselves
finished Pauli James Collins Marino Andretti
The CPT Rosberg and Michael Schumacher have been in vain for nothing
prove and became world champion
also that their cost that makes its famous name all honor the racing
Genes are and 4
In 1987, Ford will take on the Texaco Kost victory touring car champion Klaus
Ludvig and Klaus Niedzwiedz
they are also successful in the 24-hour race at the Nürburgring
later thought it would be in the DTM career
the over 500 hp strong force she plays with his opponents cat and mouse up
Ending only tours the air cut off
Herbert Engel not only owns the penalty right next to it parked
Original world champion car from 1987
the optical differences are small
just not a sport, it was threatening every facility
Trump quick release and racing rims
many the otherwise standard hood
just as unchanged perfectly covered in large kitchens spent
Tukur loud Aftenposten the magic word currently lies the four-cylinder makes
in the street version 204 hp by modifications in the larger one
Turbocharger and intercooler makes the racing version to 510 hp
voluminous sprouts cucumbers by the thousands pull very well with oil or
Giant thrust 2 2 510 hp
as a denigration of the already 75 hours gone that will of course
Always know so much we should beware of driving
medium term
even our cameraman gets to feel that
Diekmann with a price target on an empty country roads properly gas
and now in Tobruk
If you think you're on a special stage, it was a rally
487 traffic teacher Kossler knows 28 international law the secret
later he appears almost as a four-wheel drive version and lays the foundation
for the successful test Koch Costner
even nowadays can
the fastest of the couple
at the latest in the third group game prepare to be happy with it
employ
in Belgium there are clubs in Germany now dead and threatened
but otherwise there is no problem
and who have an Oscar who has his own way
not a single cent as an angel